make project descriptions more beginner friendly (#272)
spinkube/documentation: content/en/_index.md

{{< blocks/cover title="Hyper-efficient serverless on Kubernetes, powered by WebAssembly."
image_anchor="top" height="full" >}} <a class="btn btn-lg btn-primary me-3 mb-4" href="/docs"> Get
  Started <i class="fas fa-arrow-alt-circle-right ms-2"></i> </a>

> <p class="lead mt-5">SpinKube is an open source, Kubernetes native project that streamlines developing,

Author: Option to use the word stack if folks like that better.
```suggestion
<p class="lead mt-5">SpinKube is an open source, Kubernetes native project stack that streamlines developing,
```

### Overview

> [**Containerd Shim Spin**](https://github.com/spinkube/containerd-shim-spin) provides a containerd shim implementation for running Spin workloads which is then used as a runtime class within Kubernetes for

Reviewer: I think we can remove the mention of `runwasi`

Author: Tried to re-word and realized I kind of like the runwasi mention there. If a user clicks the link, they'll see the description "Facilitates running Wasm / WASI workloads managed by containerd" and that creates a link in understanding between this project and the WASI implementation for k8s. You're the maintainer though so I'm happy to remove it if you'd prefer that.

Reviewer: The reason I think we should remove the runwasi mention is that it's not important for users to know what libraires containerd-shim-spin is using or how the shim is implemented. It's more important to highlight what it is doing - a shim for running Spin workloads managed by Containerd.

Author: agreed. took another stab at it.

workloads managed by containerd. The Spin workload uses this shim as a runtime class within Kubernetes enabling
these workloads to function similarly to container workloads in Pods in Kubernetes.

[**Runtime Class Manager**](https://github.com/spinkube/runtime-class-manager) is an operator that
automates and manages the lifecycle of containerd shims in a Kubernetes environment. This includes tasks
like installation, update, removal, and configuration of shims, reducing manual errors and improving
reliability in managing WebAssembly (Wasm) workloads and other containerd extensions.

[**Spin Operator**](https://github.com/spinkube/spin-operator/) is a Kubernetes operator that enables
deploying and running Spin applications in Kubernetes. It houses the SpinApp and SpinAppExecutor CRDs
which are used for configuring the individual workloads and workload execution configuration such as
runtime class. Spin Operator introduces a host of functionality such as resource-based scaling,
event-driven scaling and much more.

> [**Spin kube plugin**](https://github.com/spinkube/spin-plugin-kube) is a plugin for the [Spin](https://developer.fermyon.com/spin/v3/index) CLI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[**Spin Kube Plugin**](https://github.com/spinkube/spin-plugin-kube) is a plugin for the [Spin](https://developer.fermyon.com/spin/v3/index) CLI
```

> thats aim to ease the experience for scaffolding, deploying and inspecting Spin workloads in Kubernetes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
thats aims to ease the experience of scaffolding and inspecting SpinApp resources in Kubernetes.
```

> [**Spin Trigger MQTT**](https://github.com/spinkube/spin-trigger-mqtt/) trigger enables seamless integration

Reviewer 2: I personally find it confusing to list this trigger since there are more triggers than this one that the shim supports. Yes, this trigger lives in the SK org but i dont think we need to document it here

runtime class. Spin Operator introduces a host of functionality such as resource-based scaling,
event-driven scaling and much more.

[**Spin Kube Plugin**](https://github.com/spinkube/spin-plugin-kube) is a plugin for the [Spin](https://developer.fermyon.com/spin/v3/index) CLI

> thats aim to ease the experience for scaffolding, deploying and inspecting Spin workloads in Kubernetes.

Author: ```suggestion
thats aims to ease the experience for scaffolding, deploying and inspecting Spin workloads in Kubernetes.
```
